---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
---

#title
Quizat API: Unleashing Interactive Knowledge Adventures!.

#description
The ultimate solution for seamlessly integrating multiple-answer trivia questions into your applications! Unleash the power of engaging quizzes with our user-friendly API. Elevate your platform by integrating our API and let the quest for knowledge begin!.


#support
  
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=logos:nuxt-icon}
  #title
  +50,000 Questions
  #description
  The +50,000 Questions boasts a treasure trove of diverse trivia challenges, ensuring an endless journey of learning and entertainment. 
  ::

  ::card{icon=IconNuxtStudio}
  #title
  Well Organized
  #description
  Navigate through a structured collection where questions are thoughtfully categorized and grouped by topics. see [list of topics](https://nuxt.studio) & [list of categories](https://nuxt.studio).
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto-v1:counterclockwise-arrows-button}
  #title
  Up To Date
  #description
  Access the latest and most relevant trivia questions, ensuring your content is always fresh and captivating.
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:markdown}
  #title
  +3 Languages
  #description
  Embrace inclusivity as our trivia questions span across more than three languages, catering to a global audience.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:key}
  #title
  No API key
  #description
  Enjoy access to our trivia questions without the hassle of authentication.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:free-button}
  #title
  Free.
  #description
  Integrate trivia questions without any cost at any time!.
  ::
::


